Adjust language, grammar, and small mistakes (#19)
NETWAYS/foreman-training: architecture/02_smart_proxy.md

~~~PAGEBREAK~~~

The Smart Proxy is an autonomous web-based component providing a restful API to connect to various
systems from higher ochestration tools such as Foreman.

The Project provides packages for installation on RHEL/CentOS and Debian/Ubuntu. Installing from

> source allows to support other Linux distributions and also Windows which is required for some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source enables supporting other Linux distributions and also Windows which is required for some
```
